Add media consent form to website (#387)
srobo/website: _events/sr2022/competition.md

The competition will be held from *Saturday 23rd April* until *Sunday 24th April*. Doors open 9am and we aim to finish around 6pm.

## Media Consent

> Before gaining access to the venue, everyone will need to sign a [media consent][mcf-link]). Please put "Student Robotics 2019" as the event name. Those under the age of 16 will need to get a parent or guardian to sign on their behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before gaining access to the venue, everyone will need to sign a [media consent form][mcf-link]. Those under the age of 16 will need to get a parent or guardian to sign on their behalf.
```

![parking information]({{ '/resources/sr2022/parking-map.png' | prepend: site.baseurl }})

## Media Consent

Before gaining access to the venue, everyone will need to sign a [media consent form][mcf-link]. Those under the age of 16 will need to get a parent or guardian to sign on their behalf.

Please bring the signed form with you to get through reception faster. Media consent forms will also be available at reception.

> 

Reviewer: Suggest that we put this above the location information so that it's more prominent. The maps occupy quite a lot of the page.

![parking information]({{ '/resources/sr2022/parking-map.png' | prepend: site.baseurl }})

## Media Consent

> Before gaining access to the venue, everyone will need to sign a [media consent][mcf-link]). Please put "Student Robotics 2019" as the event name. Those under the age of 16 will need to get a parent or guardian to sign on their behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before gaining access to the venue, everyone will need to sign a [media consent][mcf-link]). Please put "Student Robotics 2022" as the event name. Those under the age of 16 will need to get a parent or guardian to sign on their behalf.
```

Reviewer 2: Please check where they will be putting the event...

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before gaining access to the venue, everyone will need to sign a [media consent][mcf-link]). Those under the age of 16 will need to get a parent or guardian to sign on their behalf.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before gaining access to the venue, everyone will need to sign a [media consent form][mcf-link]. Those under the age of 16 will need to get a parent or guardian to sign on their behalf.
```
